#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
argparse==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   caniusepython3
astroid==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
atomicwrites==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
attrs==18.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
backports.functools-lru-cache==1.5
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   caniusepython3
caniusepython3==7.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
certifi==2018.10.15
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   requests
click-log==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
click==7.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   click-log
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
codecov==2.0.15
    # via -r travis.txt
coverage==4.5.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
diff-cover==1.0.5
    # via -r dev.in
distlib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   caniusepython3
edx-lint==0.6.0
    # via -r quality.txt
filelock==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox
idna==2.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   requests
inflect==2.1.0
    # via jinja2-pluralize
isort==4.3.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via diff-cover
jinja2==2.10
    # via
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
lazy-object-proxy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==1.1.0
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
more-itertools==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
packaging==18.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   caniusepython3
pip-tools==3.1.0
    # via -r pip-tools.txt
pluggy==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
py==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.4.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pydocstyle==3.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pygments==2.7.4
    # via diff-cover
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint==1.7.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pyparsing==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   packaging
pytest-cov==2.6.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pytest==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest-cov
requests==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   caniusepython3
    #   codecov
six==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   astroid
    #   diff-cover
    #   edx-lint
    #   more-itertools
    #   packaging
    #   pip-tools
    #   pydocstyle
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
snowballstemmer==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
toml==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox
tox-battery==0.5.1
    # via -r travis.txt
tox==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox-battery
urllib3==1.24.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==16.1.0
    # via
    #   -r travis.txt
    #   tox
wrapt==1.10.11
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
